Welcome to the complete junior to senior web developer roadmap. By the end of this course you will no
longer be a junior developer.
My name is Andre and I'm the instructor of the highest rated Web development course on day with hundreds
of students joining my previous course.
Each day I have spent years consulting and working as a senior developer for the biggest tech firms
in Silicon Valley and Toronto.
I've also consulted for published books as well as startups but this is about you.
In this course you will learn all the modern technical skills that senior developers know that work
for the biggest tech companies like Google, Airbnb, Netflix, and many others.
You see I've been in your shoes before.
You never feel like you're a good enough of a programmer.
You feel like you're always playing catch up to people smarter than you. That you are an imposter pretending
to be a web developer and you feel like you'll never get to the point that some of the other senior
developers are.
You see a mountain and you don't know how you're ever going to climb it to the top. Think of this course
like a bootcamp.
By the end of it you will have employable skills that are in high demand.
Unlike a bootcamp though you'll never need to apply for a junior developer role again.
Instead of spending thousands of dollars learning in an environment where things move too fast.
Watching somebody else code along and not fully understanding the why of each topic. This course
on the other hand is something you can do your own pace with meaningful exercises that solidify your
knowledge with projects you can put on your portfolio
at the end of the course. Instead of learning skills that will mark you as a junior developer, you'll
be learning skills that will set you apart that any company would want. You will learn to think critically
with the big picture in mind. I'm not going to teach you the coolest and the hippest way to write a javascript
function that nobody understands and isn't useful other than just to show off.
No. I'm going to teach you how to structure projects, how to have successful projects, and how to connect
the dots for all the technologies that are out there for web developers. All things that senior developers
know. This course is going to follow a storyline where you are hired at a new company along the way.
Your boss will take you through real life scenarios and tasks that you will have to accomplish as a
developer.
This way you're learning practical skills.
Each section that you can implement in real life.
And yes, these are all scenarios I have encountered myself in the industry. This course is your answer
to finally feel admired, respected by others, and confident in your skills and hopefully by the end of
it get a higher salary.
Here's the secret.
Most junior developers and beginner programmers have the capability to become really good developers.
However they don't have a trusted source of information to tell them what to spend their time on, what
are the good practices, and the bad practices why these tools are good and what tools are bad.
Instead they hope that they gain their knowledge here and there through trial and error slowly and slowly.
Instead I want to give you a fast track and give you all the knowledge that I have learned over the
years in the industry in a clear and concise way because the most complex topics are built on top of
basic ideas that anybody can understand.
The course will be focused on connecting the dots on all of these so that next time you are in an interview
you can speak intelligently about current tactics for building projects, architecture, and setting up
developer environments.
My goal is to give you the most efficient path to becoming a senior developer,
instead of wasting your time on the wrong things.
If I was starting a company today and wanted top quality developers, these are the skills that I would
hope you have to learn about performance optimizations, react and redux, with typescript securing your
apps, testing your apps, Docker, session management, and much much more.
Don't worry if you don't know all these terms. By the end of this course, you're going to be miles ahead
of most web developers.
You'll feel confident to have the skills to lead projects, make project decisions and possibly even train
junior developers. I'm so confident in this course that if you don't find any value after watching the videos and
following along with exercises you can have a full refund within 30 days of signing up.
I hope you'll join me to learn the skills that will set you apart as a web developer.
This course has over two hundred HD videos and we also have a private online chat room with thousands
of students now working and helping each other out every day to get better.
Finally think of this as a constantly evolving course. As I do with all my courses will be kept up to
date as new practices emerge so you can make sure you're learning the most current and relevant skills
in the industry. Remember what you are going to do today that other people won't, will allow you to do
tomorrow what other people can't. Be better than a junior developer.
Wherever you are wherever you are this is the path to becoming a senior developer one day.
Have a look at the course outline and the next video to see if this course is right for you.
I'll see you inside.